Add a few additional failures to our notes doc (#8980)
broadinstitute/gatk: scripts/variantstore/beta_docs/gvs-troubleshooting.md

2. `BadRequestException: 400 Bucket is a requester pays bucket but no user project provided.`
   1. GVS can ingest data from a requester pays bucket by setting the optional `billing_project_id` input variable. This variable takes a string of a Google project ID to charge for the egress of the GVCFs and index files.

> ## Ingestion-Specific Issues"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ingestion-Specific Issues
```

I think you'd want this to be three headers in and the " seems to be a typo

Author: should they all be 3 headers in then?

Reviewer: Sorry, I misread this and thought it was a subheader under ##Runtime errors.. I think that actually is how it should be. 

##Runtime errors
### Ingestion errors
[insert one sentence or so explanation of which tasks are 'ingestion' here]
1. error one 
2. error two

### Troubleshooting other pipeline failures
1. Other errors in document
2.
3.

1. GVS is running very slowly!

>    1. If your GVS workflow is running very slowly compared to the example runtimes in the workspace, you may have run GVS on GVCFs that have not been reblocked. Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked.

Author: well the goal was to find all the ones that I could!!!!

>    1. If your GVS workflow is running very slowly compared to the example runtimes in the workspace, you may have run GVS on GVCFs that have not been reblocked. Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked.

Reviewer: Our documentation points to the reblocking workflow and documentation regularly and the workflow is in our GVS workspace. But you could add here "Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked by ..... "

1. During Ingest: `Required file output '/cromwell_root/gvs_ids.csv' does not exist.`
   1. If you've attempted to run GVS more than once in the same BigQuery dataset, you may see this error. Please delete the dataset and create a new one. We recommend naming the new dataset something different than the one you deleted.
1. AssignIds failure with error message: `BigQuery error in mk operation: Not found: Dataset`
   1. This is saying that GVS was unable to find the BigQuery dataset specified in the inputs. If you haven't created a BigQuery dataset prior to running the workflow, you can follow the steps in the quickstart. If you created it and still see this error, check the naming of the dataset matches your input specified and that the google project in the inputs is correct. Lastly, confirm you have set up the correct permissions for your Terra proxy account following the instructions in the quickstart.
1. Ingest failure with error message: `raise ValueError("vcf column not in table")`
   1. if you have given an incorrect name for the vcf column or the vcf index column
   1. You can simply restart the workflow with the correct names

> 1. Ingest failure with error message: `Invalid resource name projects/gvs_internal; Project id: gvs_internal.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ingest failure with error message: `Invalid resource name projects/{your_project_id}; Project id: {your_project_id}.`
```

   1. This occurs if you have given the incorrect name of the project.
   1. Restart the workflow with the correct name
1. Ingest failure with `Max id is 0. Exiting.`
   1. You will want to completely start over and delete your BQ dataset--and then re-create it. It can have the exact same name.
1. Ingest failure: There is already a list of sample names. This may need manual cleanup. Exiting.
   1. Clean up the BQ dataset manually by deleting it and recreating it fresh

>    1. Make sure to keep the call caching on and run it again

Reviewer: Looks like call caching specifically needs to be off for this to be successful, based on recent user error. I am going to bet that's true for both this error and the max id is 0 error.

> 1. Ingest failure with error message: `A USER ERROR has occurred: Cannot be missing required value for `___

Reviewer: Is the error message really "Cannot be missing required value for" ? Just seems like an improperly formed sentence

   1. (e.g. alternate_bases.AS_RAW_MQ, RAW_MQandDP or RAW_MQ)

>    1. This means that there is at least one incorrectly formatted sample in your data model. Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked. If the incorrectly formatted samples are a small portion of your callset and you wish to just ignore them, simply delete the from the data model and restart the workflow without them. There should be no issue with starting from here as none of these samples were loaded.

Reviewer: You could link here that the full list of required information in a GVCF to work in GVS is here: 
https://github.com/broadinstitute/gatk/blob/ah_var_store/scripts/variantstore/beta_docs/run-your-own-samples.md#gvcf-annotations

> 1. Extract failure with OSError: Is a directory. If you point your extract to a directory that doesn’t already exist, it will not be happy about this. Simply make the directory and run the workflow again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract failure with OSError: Is a directory. 
      1. If you point your extract to a directory that doesn’t already exist, the workflow fails. Make the directory and run the workflow again.
```
I'm surprised this is an error the workflow can run into because our documentation suggests people get the workspace bucket and then add a subdirectory to that based on where they want the callset written. Usually that bucket doesn't actually already exist.. Am I misunderstanding your description of this error?

Author: Wait -- this was just me reformatting something that was already there. Ok I'm gonna delete it, but I'm unhappy with this feedback

Reviewer: I see that it was just a reformat, but the error description and remedy is still confusing to me given we regularly set gcs_extract_dir that do not exist prior to running the workflow and it doesn't fall over.. If you think it's an accurate description of the error then you can leave it!

1. Ingest failure with: `Lock table error`

>    1. This means that the lock table has been created, but that the ingest has failed soon after or that perhaps during manual cleanup from another failure, some underlying data was deleted

Reviewer: Given the lock table hasn't been mentioned in any of our documentation, I'd reword this to something like

"This error is describing an issue found with one of the tables in the GVS BigQuery dataset called the 'lock table'. It indicates that the lock table has been created, but that the ingest failed soon after or that during manual cleanup from another failure, some underlying data was deleted and now the table is in a broken state."

>    1. The lock table can simply be deleted -- `sample_id_assignment_lock` -- and the ingest can be kicked off again

Reviewer: We don't talk about the lock table anywhere else in our documentation. I think this will need more detail to be clear to most people. Where is the lock table? How do they find it and delete it? If it picks up where ingest left off, let's reassure them of that here.

   1. If your GVS workflow is running very slowly compared to the example runtimes in the workspace, you may have run GVS on GVCFs that have not been reblocked. Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked.
1. My workflow failed during ingestion, can I restart it?
   1. If it fails during ingestion, yes, the GvsBeta workflow is restartable and will pick up where it left off.
1. Duplicate sample names error: ERROR: The input file ~{sample_names_file} contains the following duplicate entries:
   1. The GVS requires that sample names are unique because the sample names are used to name the samples in the VCF, and VCF format requires unique sample names.
   1. After deleting or renaming the duplicate sample, you can restart the workflow without any clean up.
1. BulkIngestGenomes/GvsBulkIngestGenomes/hash/call-ImportGenomes/GvsImportGenomes/hash/call-GetUningestedSampleIds/gvs_ids.csv Required file output '/cromwell_root/gvs_ids.csv' does not exist.
   1. If you've attempted to run GVS more than once in the same BigQuery dataset, you may see this error. Please delete the dataset and create a new one. We recommend naming the new dataset something different than the one you deleted.

> 1. AssignIds failure with error message: BigQuery error in mk operation: Not found: Dataset

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. AssignIds failure with error message: `BigQuery error in mk operation: Not found: Dataset`
```

   1. This is saying that GVS was unable to find the BigQuery dataset specified in the inputs. If you haven't created a BigQuery dataset prior to running the workflow, you can follow the steps in the quickstart. If you created it and still see this error, check the naming of the dataset matches your input specified and that the google project in the inputs is correct. Lastly, confirm you have set up the correct permissions for your Terra proxy account following the instructions in the quickstart.

> 1. Ingest failure with error message: raise ValueError("vcf column not in table")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ingest failure with error message: `raise ValueError("vcf column not in table")`
```

1. Ingest failure with Max id is 0. Exiting.
   1. You will want to completely start over and delete your BQ dataset--and then re-create it. It can have the exact same name.
1. Ingest failure: There is already a list of sample names. This may need manual cleanup. Exiting.
   1. Clean up the BQ dataset manually by deleting it and recreating it fresh
   1. Make sure to keep the call caching on and run it again
1. Ingest failure with error message: A USER ERROR has occurred: Cannot be missing required value for ___
   1. (e.g. alternate_bases.AS_RAW_MQ, RAW_MQandDP or RAW_MQ)
   1. This means that there is at least one incorrectly formatted sample in your data model. Confirm your GVCFs are reblocked. If the incorrectly formatted samples are a small portion of your callset and you wish to just ignore them, simply delete the from the data model and restart the workflow without them. There should be no issue with starting from here as none of these samples were loaded.
1. Extract failure with OSError: Is a directory. If you point your extract to a directory that doesn’t already exist, it will not be happy about this. Simply make the directory and run the workflow again.

> 1. Ingest failure with: Lock table error

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ingest failure with: `Lock table error`
```

Reviewer 2: this seems incomplete; what is the user to do if they run into this error?

> 1. It is important to verify that the data has ALL made it into the BQ dataset or not

Reviewer 2: this seems incomplete
